Pay attention to the golden color, look at the red and open the mirror,
Eighty Big Sale, Song Seri,
The jade eyes are closed to face each other, and the golden Buddha eyes are enshrined,
The smell of shoes, Jade Flower Three Shovels, Thread Mirror!
Listen to the sound, right? They were all yours just now?
Yes, I prepared it for you. Ten shots are enough.
Every value for the ultra edition.
Are these all gifts from you?
Yes, of course let the Oath Group give it to you.
How is it possible? You have a hundred drops of soup,
How could it be possible for the Oath Group to take you to the doghouse?
Adult bear has a girl
Tianrang Shengshi reporter confirmed it
Although the green things of night injury are real
Too much like a bear
No matter what
18th line stuff
That one got me into trouble
It’s time to become a bear
Wait for you and Wanning
Why don't you be the anchor for me? Why don't you hurt me at night? Old lady decides.
Don't let him owe you to the emperor
Ye Shang, what are you talking about?
These flows are just thoughts
OK, sing the song
You said I gave you a dummy?
It turns out you were the one who made the forgery
Ah, like this
If you think these are actually
You can try these for about
There are these materialistic people
But what do you think
It can be said that the group will take care of it
On the other hand, neither are you
It was the Shengshi Group that gave me a reasonable gift.
you know you too
you all think
It’s a group company
will cooperate closely
I even met him in person two days ago.
Shengshi Group of Companies
In the Dragon Lord, Hua Wu Yan personally ascended the throne, so
This must be a reference to the closeness of Wu in the industry.
Can you not say it?
That’s what it’s all about, I’m telling you
With a free land, he can let the Holy Test Group send points.
It turns out it’s because of you, Mr. Ye
Lou turned out to be the first person
I just want outsiders to go to my previous existence, Mr. Ye
You got the former hottie in your building
Then later
But Qiantu is without love, you say?
Although it was not guessed for me
I stopped laughing just now
I asked you to get this audition circle and thank you.
It's me who ordered the Holy Examination to start.
Do you know what the Mushi Group is like?
That means we even have to discuss our night price.
If you could give orders or something
You still have to use it long enough to buy it.
How many wives have you become?
These powers are really the bears I asked the intelligence farmer to send.
Look at the reason why I wasn't prepared
I said you were doing it for the sake of face
You haven't been able to give these things as gifts yet.
Originally I thought you were just accompanying you
You didn’t expect you, how long did it take you?
I originally thought of continuing to observe
If others say this
I think you don’t need to continue observing.
Divorce is OK